=About

This gem provides the railtie that allows sequel to hook into rails 3.x and thus behave like a rails framework component. Just like activerecord does in rails, sequel_rails3 uses the railtie API to hook into rails. The two are actually hooked into rails almost identically.

The code for this gem was inspired by sequel-rails and activerecord of rails. 
==Install

Simply install it as any other gem:

  gem install sequel_rails3

Or when using bundler, add it got your Gemfile:

  gem sequel_rails3

==Quick Start

In every rails project edit config/application.rb file as this.

Comment out (or remove) this line:
  
  require 'rails/all'
  
Insert these lines:

  require "action_controller/railtie"
  require "action_mailer/railtie"
  require "sequel_rails3/railtie"

==Features

* Clean implementation with new codebase
* Full replacement for ActiveRecord
* Working, colored logging of queries
* Support for JDBC/DO (especially usefull when using jruby)

==Todo

* Source documentation (rdoc)
* Support migrations and rake tasks
* Tests

==Contributing

If you'd like to contribute a feature or bugfix: Thanks! To make sure your
fix/feature has a high chance of being included, please read the following
guidelines:

1. Fork the project.
2. Make your feature addition or bug fix.
3. Add tests for it. This is important so we don’t break anything in a future version unintentionally.
4. Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history. (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
5. Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.


